I have to announce something okay, I'm
probably going to delete this video in a
few days okay but I have to
announce something well first I'm going to say
thanks I'm going to take advantage of this clip
because since with Rome and with laser I haven't been
able to son solete like the whole mouth I don't
even know how many there are lower and but in the
live in romance or 100,000 there are
61,000 here thank you sonsoles rock their
looks come ccoo and more mapache francisco
león already to maria lopez ximo croma
croma no today
hey I'm the chrome with hand and
welcome and to everyone else okay
thank you very much everyone
remember I do
n't know if they've lowered the subscription price yet
and okay it's
supposed to make the
subscription price cheaper for me I
asked for it and it's supposed to be
cheaper today no no
and they go I'll
pay you so they respond faster
the subscription is cheaper now and a
new one we're talking okay okay
and apart from being cheaper which I don't
know what price it is I told him to
put it at two or three euros something  there no,
some countries are not updated yet,
well in most places,
apart from the fact that it is cheaper,
all of you who become members on you
know
can join the telera group
that we have privately. I am going to announce
something for everyone, okay, not just
for the members, I am always
announcing things for the members but
this is for everyone, okay,
this is for everyone and I am
sure that you are all going to participate as
soon as I announce it, which will be
in
30 seconds,
Sonsoles, the Telegraaf group, El
Levante MT,
you did not expect this news at all,
but I think that November 1st
is a perfect day to announce it, okay,
subscribe to Javi Oliveira,
subscribe everywhere on you know,
to become a member of the secondary channel and
all because I am very handsome, okay,
and also today we are celebrating that they
did the colonoscopy,
everything went perfectly, okay, and I am super
happy, do you know what happened to me now, on the
news account, the nurse
made a mistake when we arrived
at the hospital at noon, Lore was
crying and everyone
and she tells me that  I tested positive for
hepatitis
imagining how we look like I've already
said [ __ ] off I'm going to die I already
said I was already there something else plus I
am already dying of love and I knew I
had something the 5 minutes were wrong
but oh well everything went very well and I'm
very healthy forum members I'm sorry but it's still a
while in fact I think there's a
perfect day to announce this I don't know how to do it I
have it I think so in fact I'm
going to announce it this way I'm going to
change the screen and you're going to see it
okay I'm going
to change the screen
and you're going to see it
beta version of the forum my kids my
kids dot com
this is the forum that's going to be a hit okay
for now we're only going to
focus on the forum ok
everyone can register now okay well there are
sections we get a youtube
being me I had a mark on your [ __ ]
mother now it was supposed to be here that I was going to
put politics and video games I don't know what
but oh well tomorrow I'll put liván anything is
okay
then being youtube well you get in
and come on food the one that has  look and
now you guys here put dallas just
fought congress for I don't know what and now
within that thread well go commenting
no then you've already made a test thread
d auro play
vigil sara string and now here all the
comments
this topic is deleted because this is
[ __ ] [ __ ]
you can create the threads within
each youtube whatever you want eyes eyes
the page is mine diva of lorena and
in front of anyone commented that we are
moderators in the four I come to refer to
ivan's page is worth more than anything no
slander or insults or lack
of respect
nothing that is allowed in another forum is enough
allowed here okay
you can gossip whatever you want you can
gossip put salt be everything you
want I will not allow even a lack
of respect to any youtuber I do not care if it
is
no slander no information or
anything is worth the slightest ban and you can
register us more okay panning by ip and you
can not register more ok you
can register all
you want it
is not free totally free
obviously okay  You can register
now everyone who wants and you can
start participating there ok yes as I said
the largest community but the most
exemplary exalt let's see all
exactly okay you can add salt as much as you
want add salt it was going to be seen if
tomorrow youtube falsified
if you put politics mornings the
computer science one the video games one the
television one that within television well there is
the strong house big brother
survivors and all these programs
save me la pantoja and all those things
are happening okay tomorrow everything will be
better more open topics now
tonight well you have the youtubes
go register them and you can open
topics okay we have to put all the
youtubers obviously we have put in for
now whatever the strongest ones here
in Spain okay I don't want to be
disrespectful give my opinion with respect I do
n't care you can give your opinion all the gossip you want under your freedom of expression obviously okay I hope you liked the news before I go I'm leaving because today I have fulfilled tomorrow I'm going to try to record a video on the
main channel ok
tomorrow  well all my life in every
main
goodbye I love you